So now let's talk about
the AWS Acceptable Use Policy or AUP.
So this governs your use of the AWS services
and there's some things you cannot do with them.
So you may not use your account
to do any illegal or fraudulent activity.
You may not violate the rights of others.
You may not threaten, perform terrorism,
violence, or do any serious harm to anyone.
You cannot host any child sexual abuse content or activity.
You cannot violate the security, integrity,
and availability for other networks and computers.
for example, by performing a DDoS.
You may not distribute, publish,
or facilitate any unsolicited mass emails,
for example, by hosting spam servers.
In case that is detected,
AWS is going to remove or disable any content
that violates this policy.
And if you wanna read more, this is the link.
So that's it.
I hope you liked it,
and I will see you in the next lecture.